Add Pod Security Standards documentation (#28903)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/enforce-standards-namespace-labels.md

---
title: Enforce Pod Security Standards with Namespace Labels
reviewers:
- tallclair
- liggitt
content_type: task
min-kubernetes-server-version: v1.22
---

Namespaces can be labeled to enforce the [Pod Security Standards](/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards).

## {{% heading "prerequisites" %}}

- Enable the `PodSecurity` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/#feature-gates-for-alpha-or-beta-features).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% version-check %}}

```

  meet the `restricted` policy requirements.
- Pins the versions of the `baseline` and `restricted` policies to v{{< skew latestVersion >}}.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Namespace
metadata:
  name: my-baseline-namespace
  labels:
    pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce: baseline
    pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce-version: v{{< skew latestVersion >}}

    # We are setting these to our _desired_ `enforce` level.
    pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit: restricted
    pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version: v{{< skew latestVersion >}}
    pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn: restricted
    pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version: v{{< skew latestVersion >}}
```

## Add labels to existing namespaces with `kubectl label`

{{< note >}}
When an `enforce` policy (or version) label is added or changed, the admission plugin will test
each pod in the namespace against the new policy. Violations are returned to the user as warnings.
{{< /note >}}

It is helpful to apply the `--dry-run` flag when initially evaluating security profile changes for
namespaces. The Pod Security Standard checks will still be run in _dry run_ mode, giving you

> information about breakages without actually updating a policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
information about how the new policy would treat existing pods, without actually updating a policy.
```
